foreign
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
tomorrow
moving with the motion
[Music]
foreign
thank you
[Music]
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
I am restricted fixed upon the web I
need to kick the habit that my mind is
breathing in freak out I've got to see
all my life
Fearless
[Music]
thank you
earning the bridge that keeps us
exaggerated that's what you must see
story's over now I must conclude I am
conflicted watching where I step still
hanging in the violence not the life I
want to live I want to take it all
Standing Tall fear and weight the person
you are
thank you
freak out I've got to see
Fearless
[Music]
thank you
like you be strong to hold the powers of
the Sun
[Music]
to dream believe
in strength now I'm the only one
only one
[Music]
I was an Ordinary Boy
until I broke the rules
[Music]
will it breaks
can I be your superhero superhero
[Music]
can I be your superhero
superhero
[Music]
it's the first time of today today
your superhero
[Music]